
Functions are able to identify c.GetUserList<>(CellReference)
When the Text at the location of CellReference is changed, the function recomputes its dependencies for that sheet, reading the value of the cell.

Sheets have a mapping from collection to collection

By default functions should be owned by a sheet, and only cells from that sheet can use them. If a function is shared, it should be copied to the sheet that is using it.
This allows more references to be auto updated when rows are inserted or deleted.
Some functions might make sense from a global perspective though, like IsInt. should these be able to be shared between sheets?
maybe functions should identify whether they are used by more than one sheet automatically? 


1. Functions need to be able to listen to changes to particular cells track collection dependencies on a per sheet basis
1. Cell dependencies will update as usual, except the function will give cells a special list of deps depending on the cell
1. Sheet specific collection dependencies could be resolved when the cell actually asks for the dependency, as long as they are recalculated when the dependency changes




The collection argument and the cell row/column/range arguments are considered a seperate function(s). 
That function can compute its dependencies and notify when they change. 
Those dependencies are given to the collection/cell reference
When any of those dependencies update, each cell using the function is notified and recomputes its dependencies
When a collection/cell reference dependency is evaluated by a cell, if it is dynamically calculated, the function will be called.